today i'm going to explain a crime drama
film called miss point 45 which shows
how the horrors of an uncaring and
exploitative world can make a good woman
turn bad also known as angel of
vengeance this aptly titled movie
follows the story of a silent vigilante
blurring the violent lines between
revenge and retribution spoilers ahead
watch out and take care are you the prey
or are you the hunter the answer to this
question shapes the way a person's life
unfolds but when the hunter becomes the
hunted and the prey becomes the predator
it becomes the world's problem too in a
garment factory in manhattan a mute
young seamstress named hana heads home
after a day of work while walking tana
and her friends are pestered by some
vulgar men but they ignore them as they
head to a bar though her friends try
inviting her for some drinks tana
politely refuses and goes to a
supermarket instead after shopping for
meat in a grocery store tana is walking
home when suddenly a heinous man
viciously grabs her he pulls her to a
back alley and there he forces himself
onto her once the disgusting man was
done tunnel lies by the trash bin
traumatized mustering her remaining
strength a drain tana returns home and
sits down by her couch to recuperate
from her crushing incident already it's
clear that tana and her friends are
navigating an environment that treats
them as little more than me to be
consumed from the way they've been ogled
and catcalled with every step of the way
many of the men around them just make
the streets uncomfortable for them to
travel to tana's friends they were
little more than a nuisance but to tana
these men became a real and tangible
danger the unnerving thing is it didn't
have to be just tana any lone woman
could have taken her place and suffered
the same tragedy as her but just when it
feels like tana's day couldn't get worse
it did
tana is suddenly confronted by a burglar
who threatens to kill her if she dares
scream despite his demands for money
tana is unable to speak annoying the
burglar but he soon realizes that she's
mute and upon noticing her torn clothes
he decides to take advantage of her the
burglar lays tana on the floor as he
shamelessly forces himself on her
repeating the evils that tana just
experienced earlier at first tana could
only lie helplessly on the floor while
the burglar continues but in a bout of
quick thinking she grabs a glass ball
near her hearing the burglar drop his
gun tana immediately strikes him making
him fall to the floor tana quickly gets
up and picks up an iron before smashing
it against the burglar's head
dazed tana pulls the burglar to her
bathtub as she struggles with it she
suddenly hears a dog barking outside she
quickly fixes her apartment hides the
bloody iron under the couch then covers
herself up
finally she cautiously checks outside to
see if anyone's there after finding no
one outside tana falls to the ground in
a mix of fear and relief after being
forced into one soul crushing evil after
another it's almost a wonder how tana
can still pick herself up and fight
against her second assailant
unfortunately that's the world tana
lives in and she has no other choice but
to fight and even kill to survive
naturally being the victim of a
harrowing crime can change a person but
killing even if in self-defense can also
have that effect the next day in the
garment factory tana's boss albert
scolds one of the workers there scaring
the other women inside after looking at
a trash bag an idea strikes tana and she
freezes in shock alarming her co-workers
as they ask her how she's feeling tana
tries nodding at them but she soon zones
out with memories from the previous
night still haunting her after work tana
heads home again and immediately goes to
the bathroom she saws the burglar's body
apart before stuffing the pieces inside
trash bags which she then hides in her
fridge afterwards tana cleans up her
bathroom removing the evidence of her
brutal attacker once she's finished tana
stares at herself in the mirror still
clearly traumatized from everything that
happened suddenly she hears water coming
from the drain so she checks on it there
she realizes that bits of the burglar's
flesh are clogging up the drain but tana
just heads to bed and rest for the night
the next morning tana leaves the
apartment to throw the dismembered body
into a trash bin along the streets with
that she heads to work there's some
poetic justice to be had with the way
the burglar's body has been chopped into
pieces and disposed of as if it were
meat in the beginning it was tana and
her friends who were being treated like
meat on display
now the burglar is being treated with
the same disregard and brutality in the
garment factory tana irons a dress
before she zones out still remembering
the horrors of the other night's ordeal
she accidentally burns the dress albert
comes to check on her but tana dismisses
his attempts to help a few hours later a
heckler tries picking up some girls
along the streets but is constantly
ignored feeling hopeless he desperately
tries looking for more when he suddenly
spots tana getting off a taxi tana
quickly walks dropping a bag of the
burglar's body on the streets and the
heckler notices this he then follows her
and tries to return the bag to her
panicking tana runs away while the man
chases her along the streets but
eventually tana reaches a dead end
leaving her fearful of getting violated
again as the heckler makes his way to
her to return the bag tana quickly gets
out the point 45 pistol that she got
from the burglar she shoots the heckler
with it killing him instantly tata
frantically returns home vomiting as she
thinks about how she committed her
second murder
suddenly her neighbor ms nasseni quickly
knocks at her door asking if she's fine
tana answers the door so she can not to
let mrs nassani know that she's okay
unconvinced mrs nassani tries to get a
doctor for tana but she refuses before
escorting mrs nasseni out of her
apartment later that night tana
nervously shifts in her bed as she
dreams of the traumatic things that
happened to her now the extent of tana's
trauma is unfolding not only is she
ceaselessly haunted by the despicable
ways in which she was violated she is
now unable to trust the men who approach
her even though the heckler may not have
been looking to force himself on her she
still can't afford to lower her guard
because she must have felt that the
world had already punished her for doing
just that at this point tana can only
trust herself in her 0.45 pistol the
next day a homeless man in the streets
tries rummaging for food in a trash bin
while searching around the bin he
suddenly shrieks in horror as he finds
one of the burglars hands in a bag that
tana threw away meanwhile in the office
albert speaks with tana he expresses his
concern over tana's dwindling efforts
with their clothing line calmly albert
asks her to get back on track with her
work adding that she should be more like
her co-workers he then invites her over
for a halloween party to help her calm
down in response tana writes a note to
albert telling him that she'll try
before leaving his office afterwards her
friend carol asks her why albert called
her to his office but tana replies
through a note that she wants to be left
alone understanding tana carol looks at
her reassuringly before they go out for
lunch with some of her co-workers in the
restaurant tana and her friends are
enjoying their meals when suddenly a man
named rich folk tries introducing
himself to them one of her co-workers
lori rudely sways rich off before she
and her friends head out leaving tana
alone in the restaurant these women
really can't catch a break even when
they're just minding their own business
and eating together they'd still come
across people like rich who feel
entitled to their time and attention
while approaching people isn't a crime
there's still something to be said about
how the men in this story are barely
giving the women any room to breathe
without getting hounded after fixing her
things tana leaves as well and she heads
over to the pedestrian crossing rich
follows her and he apologizes for his
earlier actions before introducing
himself tada tries to walk away from him
but rich continues to pester her
bragging about his job as a fashion
photographer before inviting her over to
his studio tana is reluctant to join him
but she eventually agrees to go the two
then go to rich's condominium where they
take the elevator to the studio
upon their arrival rich heads inside
alone while tottenham abruptly takes out
her gun she coldly shoots rich then
leaves him all alone in the studio as
she heads back home
later that night tana puts heavy makeup
on herself contrasting how she usually
looks before heading out again for the
city
from there tana wreaks a bloodbath
around town she saves an escort from a
violent pimp kills a gang of thieves and
even shoots a wealthy chic it's a night
of havoc in manhattan and tana has taken
her self-construed justice into her own
hands as a vigilante but above all tana
has taken the role of an angel of
vengeance using the very weapon of her
own assailant that point 45 pistol in
every step of the way the men who hurt
her are the ones compelling tana and
giving her the ability to kill her using
that pistol can be the image of her
reclaiming her power or it's the image
of her still shackled and trapped by her
anguish either way it's the gun that
helps her perpetuate a cycle of worldly
violence the next morning tana coldly
washes the blood away from her hands
before hearing mrs nassani's dog barking
rapidly annoyed tana comes up with a
solution for the dogs barking she grinds
some of the burglars meat from the
fridge before giving it to mrs nassani
as she listens to the news of last
night's kill spree a few hours later
tana heads out and she disposes of some
of the burglars body parts again on her
way to the factory in his office albert
scolds tonight for not returning to work
the previous day which worried him the
rest of her co-workers tana sheepishly
listens to albert's tirades and he's
disappointed that she isn't even going
to the halloween party but tana cuts him
off writing a note saying that she wants
to go amused albert invites tana to the
party as his partner and tana coldly
accepts
shortly after albert and tana join the
rest of their co-workers as they watch
laurie hook up with a man the group
laughs at the site amused by lori's
intensity while albert and tana share
seductive looks later that night tana
goes around the city again in search of
her next victims while waiting inside a
phone booth tana spots a man making out
with his girlfriend before he leaves for
home tana follows the man to his
apartment and prepares to shoot him
however the man enters his home leaving
a disappointed tana outside the more
tana unravels the more evident it is
that she's no longer doing this for
justice her crusade against the man of
manhattan has turned into a crusade of
contempt and vengeance perhaps her
resentment has grown so strong that she
started believing that all men are
deserving of death maybe she's trying to
keep the high of finally being the
predator in a society that keeps putting
her on the lowest rung of the echelon no
matter what tana's reasoning is tana is
just out for blood now and there's
barely a justification for this still in
search of a target tana moves to a bar
and sits beside a man there he blabbers
on about his life with his wife and job
while tana fakes interest in the man
stories
soon they sit on a nearby bench outside
the bar with a lost look in his eyes the
man recounts almost robotically how he
caught his wife with another woman he
talks about brushing his teeth changing
his clothes and finally he talks about
strangling his wife's cat upon hearing
this wide-eyed tana slowly raises her
gun towards the man but he quickly takes
the gun from her he asks her if she is
joking before cocking the weapon and
aiming it at his head the two share some
intense seconds of silence just staring
at each other until the man eventually
shoots himself dead in a panic tana
quickly rushes home
though the man and tana have completely
incomparable experiences in baggage
they're both hurt and listless people
his wife's cat was innocent but he still
chose to strangle it presumably to hurt
his wife because he couldn't hurt her
directly or he strangled it to let his
pain and anguish be known or even
simpler he strangled the cat because he
had all those emotions festering in him
with no other outlet no matter what his
reason was he wasn't all that different
from tana the next morning tana is
walking along the stairs when mrs
nasan's dog growls at her after sensing
her presence but tana shrugs it off and
ignores the dog to head inside her
apartment there she removes her disguise
and fixes her apartment up before
placing the last of the burglar's body
parts into a bag for disposal tana then
leaves through the fire exit before mrs
nasany suddenly enters the apartment
with her dog the dog sniffs around
standing by a locked door and making mrs
nasani run out to get the keys however
mrs nassani's dog accidentally bumps
into a drawer causing one of tana's
vases to fall to the ground hearing this
mrs nassani quickly returns to tana's
apartment and fixes her dog's mess
before leaving meanwhile in the garment
factory albert rewards the workers by
giving them the afternoon off to prepare
for their halloween party that night
later that day connor returns home and
asks mrs nassani if she could walk her
dog with mrs nassani's reluctant
blessing tana heads out to try and get
rid of it she tries getting the dog run
over by some cars to no avail then she
heads to a nearby port where she ties
the dog by a pole she proceeds to aim
her gun at it back in the apartment she
leaves a letter from mrs nassani telling
her that her dog ran away before
preparing for the party though it isn't
made clear if tana shot the dog or not
it's apparent that her increasingly
flippant attitude towards murder has
extended beyond victimizing men of
varying innocence by pointing her gun at
the dog it's as if tana is starting to
use her weapon as the answer to the
hurdles and inconveniences she's
experiencing
after putting on her nun costume tana
loads her gun and she kisses the bullets
one by one she then stands in front of a
mirror pretending to shoot night comes
and tana and albert arrive at the party
together before making their way to
their co-workers albert mingles around
with the people of the party and he
keeps telling them about his partner
tana with the crowd dancing to the
lively music albert and tana sneak into
a nearby room
there albert gently kisses parts of
tana's body down to her leg and foot
when he lifts her skirt albert is
shocked to find a gun hidden near her
thigh the jig is up and tana shoots
albert alarming the whole party in an
anticlimactic turn of events tana's most
glaring victim is not her first
assailant it's not even a man who's been
going around violating women and
enacting violence upon their unwilling
bodies it's just her boss a painfully
plain man whose misgivings are berating
his employees and constantly trying to
get with tana and though tan is clearly
not in any sound state of mind this can
be her own way of fighting against the
daily transgression she's been put
through after all harm isn't always
something grotesque and macabre the harm
most people face is more sinister and
nebulous
some of the men try to check the two but
tana unflinchingly shoots them as she
walks down some stairs
once she's there she carefully shoots
the men one by one in the crowd tana
continues her violent burst without
remorse targeting all the men there
relentlessly before laurie suddenly
reacts she grabs a nearby knife and with
that she stabs tana in the back as tana
screams in pain she looks back in shock
to find lori there tana could only
whisper the word sister as she falls to
her doom
meanwhile in tana's apartment mrs nasini
returns and opens tana's locked door
when she walks inside the room mrs
nasany carefully sneaks around searching
for whatever tana is hiding before
taking one of the bags there
suddenly the door creaks alarming mrs
nassani she then calls out to the person
outside asking if it's tana before her
neighbor comes inside clad in a gorilla
suit this surprises mrs nassani and the
two eventually leave tana's place when
mrs nassani returns to her apartment she
immediately opens tana's bag and screams
in horror as she uncovers the burglar's
severed head in a rush she frantically
makes her call to the police to tell
them of tana's crime the police then
give her a visit and mrs nassani
dramatically talks about how tana must
have killed her beloved dog while her
gorilla suit neighbor comforts her when
the police are gone mrs nassani is left
alone in grief however as mrs nasany
cries her dog suddenly returns to their
home barking at the door
after being violated by her two
assailants no man has come close to
harming tana again with her pistol she
was practically untouchable and it
almost felt as if no man can ever take
her down and that's correct because
tana's undoing was brought by two women
and herself
it was a cruel and twisted irony but
with how tana had fallen off any just
and moral standing it's become a
comeuppance against her tana was the
prey who turned into a hunter not just
against the vile but against anyone
resembling the perceived evil this only
goes to show that the story is not meant
to empower it's not even about
retribution the tale is about tana's
unrelenting vengeance and her
perpetuating a cycle of violence with a
0.45 pistol that once belonged to the
burglar it's almost as if tana is
killing her victims in the burglars
proxy it's the wretched effect he had on
tana seeping through her and damning
every man around her though unapparent
at first glance this is also a
cautionary tale about how one's active
evil can affect even those who they
never came into contact with
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching